Enable_eCommerce_features (#1346)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/config_back_office.md

                    additional_icons: /assets/images/icons/additional_icons.svg
                default_icon_set: my_icons
```

## Enable Commerce features

> Commerce features setting `commerce.enabled` by default is set to `false`. 

Reviewer: How about:
"The `commerce.enabled` setting which controls, for example, X, Y, Z, is set to `false` by default"
so users have an idea what "commerce features" you refer to.

If you want to enable and use Commerce features in Content and Experience editions or Commerce edition, go to `config\packages\ecommerce.yaml`
and set the following:

``` yaml
ezplatform:
    system:
        default:
            commerce:
                enabled: true
```

> Becasue Commerce installation for Content and Experience editions is optional, you must install Commerce-related data. Run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Commerce installation for Content and Experience editions is optional,
to use Commerce features you must install Commerce-related data.
Run the following command:
```

```bash
php bin/console ibexa:upgrade --force
```

> !!! tip

Reviewer: I suggest moving this tip *before* mentioning the command, so people don't automatically copy-paste before reading to the end.
